docs: add warning about using direct connection strings with postgres_fdw (#3375)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/extensions/postgres_fdw.md

OPTIONS (host '<remote_host>', port '<remote_port>', dbname '<remote_database>');
```

<Admonition type="important">

> When setting up postgres_fdw with a Neon database as the foreign server, make sure to use a non-pooled ([direct connection string](/docs/reference/glossary#unpooled-connection-string)). Pooled connection strings will result in connection errors. You can find the direct connection string in the Neon Console by clicking the **Connect** button and ensuring the **Connection pooling** toggle is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting up `postgres_fdw` with a Neon database as the foreign server, make sure to use a unpooled ([direct connection string](/docs/reference/glossary#unpooled-connection-string)). Pooled connection strings will result in connection errors. You can find the unpooled connection string in your project dashboard by clicking the **Connect** button and ensuring the **Connection pooling** toggle is disabled.
```

> When setting up `postgres_fdw` with a Neon database as the foreign server, make sure to use a unpooled ([direct connection string](/docs/reference/glossary#unpooled-connection-string)). Pooled connection strings will result in connection errors. You can find the unpooled connection string in your project dashboard by clicking the **Connect** button and ensuring the **Connection pooling** toggle is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting up `postgres_fdw` with a Neon database as the foreign server, make sure to use the hostname from an [unpooled connection string](/docs/reference/glossary#unpooled-connection-string). Pooled connection strings will result in connection errors. You can find the unpooled connection string in your project dashboard by clicking the **Connect** button and ensuring the **Connection pooling** toggle is disabled.
```
